well howdy there internet people it's
beau gyan
so today we're going to talk about one
of the great uh
historical speeches that has been given
in recent memory
and that was that very concise speech
given last night by
president trump and you know
i was at the store when when my phone
went off and let me know what was coming
on
because i subscribed to all his stuff so
i ran home
and i got my pen and my paper ready to
write everything down because over
thanksgiving i was with my liberal
in-laws
and all of them kept telling me that i
was an uneducated voter so
and they kept asking me questions that
i'll be honest i didn't know the answers
to
i didn't know the answer to him because
he's president you know
just the man knows what he's doing
so i didn't think i needed to concern
myself with the details
and then they kept asking me about the
details so i wanted to be ready for
christmas
and i wrote everything down that all the
evidence
that he presented i watched that 45
minute thing twice
hour and a half i spent because i
thought i missed the evidence the first
time but turns out
he he must be saving that for later
you know and uh i mean all he talked
about
was how there was like the big dump of
votes late in the night
and uh i mean i know he must be just
lulling them into a false sense of
security because we all
all kind of knew that the melon ballots
were going to be heavily in favor of
biden because he told all of
his supporters via every way possible
that those weren't good to use so i'm i
know it's
just a trick 4d chess and all that
and uh you know so i got my blank piece
of paper here
and then i be honest i was a little
despondent
i was a little upset about it all and
then i realized you know when my phone
went off because i got
you know i'm a member of his fan club
and everything and i got the personal
mass text message from him that was
requesting more money
for his defense fund and then i got to
looking at it
and it said that 75 of each each
donation that we give him as you know
mostly hourly employees that don't
really make that much
um they're going to go to a pack
which i looked up and that's a political
action committee called save america
75 percent of the money that's been
given to him can go to that
and then from there that money can
legally legally
be used to uh pay
pay him
um it could just go
into his pocket
but i still have faith
that president trump is not you know
scamming people
i mean this is an honest man that's done
a lot of good in the world
and he's always been very truthful and
upfront it
he doesn't have a long history of making
okay so look democrats are bad
all right it's that simple it is that
simple and at the end of the day
we all know that
all right so maybe we lost all right
because at this point
we've been giving him money and as a
good businessman
like that he is and as successful as he
is he has to know
that we expect to see you know a return
on our investment
i mean somebody that's a billionaire he
should know
that so we would expect to see some kind
of evidence some kind of results not
just him saying the same thing over and
over and over again
for a pretty pretty long while now um
and uh yeah so
look i gotta be honest y'all gotta help
me out here i don't i don't know what to
think anymore because
he just spent 45 minutes telling us
nothing
acting like he had everything under
control
and the other part about this bothered
me he's saying that he knew this was all
coming
and that he knew about all this stuff
from the beginning he had four years why
didn't he fix it
i mean that seems
like a failure
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night